Fixes deprecation in lines.py (#26877)
matplotlib/matplotlib: doc/api/next_api_changes/behavior/26877-RP.rst

> ``set_xdata`` and ``set_ydata`` requires an iterable.
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: Please be explicit about the method location:
```suggestion
``matplotlib.lines.Line2D.set_xdata`` and ``set_ydata`` requires an iterable
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> These APIs require argument which is iterable, use of non sequence type is deprecated.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
These APIs require argument which is iterable, use of non sequence type is no longer supported.
```
